---
layout: page
title: Getting Started
permalink: /getting-started
ref: getting-started
category: documentation
order: 0
---

Beta version of my upcoming Traffic Light Replacer mod

This mod allows for easy customization of your city's traffic lights. 

# Table of Contents
{: .no_toc}

* TOC
{:toc}


# Installation

1. [Subscribe](tba) to the mod on the Steam Workshop
1. Subscribe to supported pack(s)
1. Enable mod in Content Manager> Mods

# Supported Packs

No traffic lights are included with this mod; instead subscribe to one or more of the prop packs/mods below

<script>
var sheetUrl = 'https://spreadsheets.google.com/feeds/cells/1aBT0b0r-pOzU6AC3yI1C5exTcN2vtpTqJTNxTWYpYuc/1/public/full?alt=json';
  
  getData();
  async function getData(){
  const response = await fetch (sheetUrl);
  const data = await response.json();
  var table = data.feed.entry;
  console.log(table);
  var title = []; // the leftmost column of the Google Sheets
  var isSize = []; // second-left column
  var weblink = []; // second-left column
  var applink = []; // third-left column
  for (var i = 0; i < table.length; i += 5){
          // entry[i].content.$t retrieves the content of each cell
          title.push(table[i].content.$t);
          isSize.push(table[i+1].content.$t);
          weblink.push(table[i+3].content.$t);
          applink.push(table[i+4].content.$t);
        }
  
        console.log(title)
        console.log(weblink)
        console.log(isSize);
  
        //document.getElementById("data-display").innerHTML = "<p> Hello" + title[2] + "</p>";

        for (var i = 0; i<table.length/5; i++){
document.getElementById("data-display").innerHTML += `<div class="pure-u-1-2"><p>` + title[i] + `</p></div>`;
document.getElementById("data-display").innerHTML += `<div class="pure-u-1-6"><p>` + isSize[i] + `</p></div>`;
document.getElementById("data-display").innerHTML += `<div class="pure-u-1-6"><p><a href="` + weblink[i] + `">View Listing</a></p></div>`;
document.getElementById("data-display").innerHTML += `<div class="pure-u-1-6"><p><a href="` + applink[i] + `">Open in Steam</a></p></div>`;
        }
        
  }

</script>

   <div id="data-display">
  <div class="pure-u-1-2"><p>Pack Name</p></div>
  <div class="pure-u-1-6"><p>Multisize?</p></div>
</div>


Individual traffic light mods (ie. American Traffic Lights) need to be left disabled, otherwise conflicts will happen. The mod automatically disables individual traffic light mods on game startup since it only uses the bundled props.

TBATBA

If you are an asset creator and want to add support for your own traffic light props, read below on how to add a config xml to your prop pack. Also contact me if you are a creator of one of the prop packs/mods where a configuration is built in and rather include your own custom file

Currently traffic lights are replaced globally, not per save game, in the future this might be added.

# Localization
This mod supports localization via a modified version of BloodyPenguin's TranslationFramework

Currently only english is supported, but adding a new language is easy - use this google [sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kWPPgooa0eKep2ELPwoYKz4qJjLCdzmWs8BDeXo5aL4/edit#gid=0) to help translate the mod

# Technical/XML File Creation

To load a custom prop pack, place a TLRConfig.xml file in the workshop asset folder when publishing. For testing, place a xml with any name in the TLRLocal folder generated by the mod's Asset Creation Tool Window (enable in settings). Also check the "Load TLRLocal Folder" checkbox for the mod to load XMLs in that folder.

XML templates can be exported with the Asset Creator Tool or can be found here:  [url=https://github.com/Cgameworld/TrafficLightReplacer/tree/master/TrafficLightReplacer/Templates] xml templates [/url]

I’ll make a more detailed tutorial later on about this

The mod reads files from

C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\workshop\content\255710 (any enabled/subscribed subfolder) - file in workshop folder has to named TLRLocal.xml

\AppData\Local\Colossal Order\Cities_Skylines\TLRLocal - can be named anything

Two xml types exist, onesize and multisize. Onesize (mostly for legacy packs) replaces vanilla signals one to one , while multisize is the main custom implementation that has support for traffic light variations, etc.

All the types (small, medium, large, signal pole) have to have at least one member otherwise the mod doesn't work

[url=https://github.com/Cgameworld/TrafficLightReplacer] GitHub page [/url]


Testing wanted for:
CSUR
Large Cities
Creator Tool


(maybe dont use this?)

Manual method (use for pre-releases/origin):
1. Go to the releases page in the [github repo](https://github.com/Cgameworld/TrafficLightReplacer/releases)
1. Download the dll and related files
1. Go to the Cities: Skylines local data folder, on windows ```C:\\yourusername\AppData\Local\Colossal Order\Cities_Skylines```
1. In the data folder go to ```Addons\Mods```
1. Make a new folder called ```TrafficLightReplacer```
1. Copy downloaded file(s) to folder
1. Enable mod in Content Manager> Mods