---
layout: page
title: Pack Creation
permalink: /pack-creation
ref: pack-creation
category: documentation
order: 0
---
Tutorial about how to make packs!
rewrite all of this!

# Table of Contents
{: .no_toc}

* TOC
{:toc}

# XML Types

This mod can read two different kinds of XML configuration files

## OneSize
For traffic light packs that replace vanilla traffic light props one to one. This is best for legacy/limited prop packs

## MultiSize
For packs that have traffic lights for different road sizes/ have several varations per road size. This requires more prop models than the onesize format, but it can take full advantage of the mod's features

# XML Format

Find templates [here](https://github.com/Cgameworld/TrafficLightReplacer/tree/master/TrafficLightReplacer/Templates) or export them using the mod's Asset Creator Tool

Each element is described below

### PackName
The name of the pack shown in game

### OneSize
Type of XML file, ```true``` means it is a OneSize configuration, ```false``` means it is a MultiSize configuration

### Prefab
Prefab name of the prop, use the update/copy buttons in the Asset Creator tool to grab this


### Type
Defines the type of prop to replace

For **OneSize** files, types can be set to ```Main``` , ```Mirror``` , ```Ped Signal```, or ```Signal Pole``` with only one prop per type.

For **Multisize** files types can be set to ```Small```, ```Medium```, ```Large``` or ```Signal Pole```.\

For multisize configurations, types small, medium and large can be assigned to multiple props, with each Asset entry showing up as a new option in the mod's customization panel. Signal Pole however can only be assigned to one prop. All the types (small, medium, large, signal pole) have to have at least one asset assigned otherwise the pack does not work


### Name
Name of the prop shown in the customization dropdown (**MultiSize only**)

### Description
Tooltip shown in the customization dropdown (**MultiSize only**)

### Transform
(**optional**)\
\
Set the default transform setings for the pack\

Transform offset values when loaded, location relative to the default sidewalk location of the traffic light

**x** - distance away from the curb, x direction | bounds [-9,9]\
\
**y** - height above the ground | bounds [-9,9]\
\
**z** - distance away from the curb, z direction | bounds [-9,9]\
\
**Angle** - bounds [-180,180]\
\
**Scale** - bounds [0,200]


# Loading

To load a custom prop pack, place a TLRConfig.xml file in the workshop asset folder when publishing. 

For testing, place a xml with any name in the TLRLocal folder generated by the mod’s Asset Creation Tool Window (enable in settings). Also check the “Load TLRLocal Folder” checkbox for the mod to load XMLs in that folder.

XML templates can be exported with the Asset Creator Tool or can be found here: [xml templates](https://github.com/Cgameworld/TrafficLightReplacer/tree/master/TrafficLightReplacer/Templates)

I’ll make a more detailed tutorial later on about this

The mod reads files from

C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\workshop\content\255710 (any enabled/subscribed subfolder) - file in workshop folder has to named TLRLocal.xml

\AppData\Local\Colossal Order\Cities_Skylines\TLRLocal - can be named anything

Two xml types exist, onesize and multisize. Onesize (mostly for legacy packs) replaces vanilla signals one to one , while multisize is the main custom implementation that has support for traffic light variations, etc.

All the types (small, medium, large, signal pole) have to have at least one member otherwise the mod doesn’t work

[url=https://github.com/Cgameworld/TrafficLightReplacer] GitHub page [/url]